c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe.config
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pssym
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pdb
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.g.resources
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\touch
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\dependencies.txt
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.exe
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.pdb
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\postsharp.app.config
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Aggregation.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Common.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Model.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\SQLite.CodeFirst.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Aggregation.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Common.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Model.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
C:\Users\aziat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe.config
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.exe
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.pdb
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Aggregation.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Common.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Model.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\SQLite.CodeFirst.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Aggregation.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Common.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Model.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.g.resources
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pssym
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pdb
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\touch
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\dependencies.txt
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\postsharp.app.config
F:\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aziat\Desktop\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe.config
C:\Users\aziat\Desktop\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.exe
C:\Users\aziat\Desktop\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.pdb
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe.config
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.exe
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.pdb
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pssym
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pdb
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Aggregation.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Common.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Model.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\SQLite.CodeFirst.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Aggregation.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Common.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\PostSharp.Patterns.Model.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.g.resources
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\touch
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\dependencies.txt
D:\Customs\Git\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\PostSharp\postsharp.app.config
